Patch 414 (#436)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin.md

1. Log into the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for CloudFront. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step2.png"/>
3. Select the "CloudFront Distribution" that needs to be verified.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step3.png"/>
4. Click the "Distribution Id" to get into the "Distributions" configuration page. </br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step4.png"/>
5. Click on the "Origins" tab and select the "Origin" which needs to be verified. Check the "Origin type" and if it is "custom origin" then you would have to create a new origin for the same S3 Bucket. If the "Origin type" is "S3" then select and edit it.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step5.png"/>

> 6. For the origin having origin type "Custom origin", Click the "Create origin" button.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step6.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To create origin with "Custom origin" type, Click the "Create origin" button.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step6.png"/>
```

7. On the "Create Origin" Page type the S3 Bucket name in "Origin Domain" setting and select from dropdown.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step7.png"/>
8. In the "S3 Bucket access" setting select "Yes use OAI (bucket can restrict access to only CloudFront)". </br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step8.png"/>
9. Under the "Origin Access Identity" choose an existing Origin Access Identity else create a new OAI by clicking on "Create new OAI" button.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step9.png"/>

> 10. Under the "Bucket policy" if the Bucket policy is set to No then the access to the S3 bucket used as the origin is not secured. Click on the "Yes, update the bucket policy" so CloudFront updates bucket permissions to grant the specified origin access identity the permission to read files in your bucket.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Under the "Bucket policy" if the Bucket policy is set to "No" then the access to the S3 bucket used as the origin is not secured. Click on the "Yes, update the bucket policy" so CloudFront updates bucket permissions to grant the specified origin access identity the permission to read files in your bucket.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step10.png"/>
```

11. Click on "Create origin" button at the end of the page to save the changes. Jump to step 17 once you have finished creating new origin.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step11.png"/>
12. If you are editing an existing S3 origin then click "Edit". </br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step12.png"/>
13. In the S3 Bucket access select "Yes use OAI (bucket can restrict access to only CloudFront)". </br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step8.png"/>
14. Under the "Origin Access Identity" choose an existing Origin Access Identity else create a new OAI by clicking on "Create new OAI" button.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step9.png"/>

> 15. Under the "Bucket policy" if the Bucket policy is set to No then the access to the S3 bucket used as the origin is not secured. Click on the "Yes, update the bucket policy" under "Bucket Policy" so CloudFront updates bucket permissions to grant the specified origin access identity the permission to read files in your bucket.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step10.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Under the "Bucket policy" if the Bucket policy is set to "No" then the access to the S3 bucket used as the origin is not secured. Click on the "Yes, update the bucket policy" under "Bucket Policy" so CloudFront updates bucket permissions to grant the specified origin access identity the permission to read files in your bucket.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step10.png"/>
```

16. Click on "Create origin" button at the end of the page to save the changes.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step11.png"/>
17. Navigate to "S3 bucket dashboard" and choose and click the S3 bucket used to verify the "Permissions" on S3 bucket.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step17.png"/>

> 18. Click the "Permissons" tab and scroll to the "Block public access (bucket settings)"for the bucket and click on the "Edit" button.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step18.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. Click the "Permissions" tab and scroll to the "Block public access (bucket settings)" for the bucket and click on the "Edit" button.</br><img src="/resources/aws/cloudfront/public-s3-cloudfront-origin/step18.png"/>
```
